Added Microsoft Fabric Synapse Data Warehouse documentation to the docs (#3461)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/azuresynapse-setup.md

  config_page: '/reference/resource-configs/azuresynapse-configs'
---

:::info

> Below is a guide for use with "Azure Synapse Analytics Dedicated SQL Pools" (formerly SQL DW). See [What is dedicated SQL pool (formerly SQL DW) in Azure Synapse Analytics?](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/sql-data-warehouse/sql-data-warehouse-overview-what-is) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a guide to using Azure Synapse Analytics Dedicated SQL Pools, formerly SQL DW. For more info, refer to [What is dedicated SQL pool (formerly SQL DW) in Azure Synapse Analytics?](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/sql-data-warehouse/sql-data-warehouse-overview-what-is) for more info.

Refer to [Microsoft Fabric Synapse Data Warehouse](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/fabric-setup) to set it up with dbt.
```

> To learn how to set up dbt with Microsoft Fabric Synapse Data Warehouse, see [Microsoft Fabric Synapse Data Warehouse setup](fabric-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
